Updates README.md (#8)
natix-io/vsdkx-model-yolo-torch: README.md

## YOLOv5

This project supports models that are trained on the [YOLOv5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) architecture implemented on `pytorch`.

> By default, we load the model's custom weights in `YoloTorchDriver()` (`vsdk/model/yolo_torh/driver.py`) using the hub of `torch`, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we load the model's custom weights in `YoloTorchDriver()` (`vsdkx/model/yolo_torch/driver.py`) using the hub of `torch`, as shown below:
```
